README.md, before:

Array API
-----------

For this assignment, we decided to create the API for an array

object class
-----------
This class creates a generic object type. Here, we test whether two Objects are equal to each other, as well as a hash function.

array class
-----------
This class extends our object class. We also have a deconstructor that deletes the array. 

array class methods
-----------
All of our methods are virtual, so they can be accessed and manipulated outside of the class. <br>

size() //returns the number of elements in this array <br>
index_of(Object* o) //returns index of given object in this array <br>
push(Object* o) //pushes given object onto end of this array <br>
add(size_t idx, Object* o) //adds given element to the array at the given index <br>
add_all(size_t idx, Array* a) //adds all given elements to the array at the given index <br>
get(size_t idx) //returns element of the array at the given index <br>
set(size_t idx, Object* o) //sets the given index to the given element <br>
remove(size_t idx) //removes the object at the given index <br>
clear() //removes all elements from the array <br>
equals(Object* o) //checks if this array is equal to the given object <br>
hash() //adds together the hashes of all the objects <br>

test-array class
-----------
Contains 6 tests that test all the functions above

running
-----------
To run, compile and run tests using the command "make"

Commit message:

Updated README after creating subclasses

README.md, after:

Array API
-----------

For this assignment, we decided to create the API for an array

object class
-----------
This class creates a generic object type. Here, we test whether two Objects are equal to each other, as well as a hash function.

array class
-----------
This class extends our object class. We also have a deconstructor that deletes the array. 

array class methods
-----------
All of our methods are virtual, so they can be accessed and manipulated outside of the class. <br>

size() //returns the number of elements in this array <br>
index_of(Object* o) //returns index of given object in this array <br>
push(Object* o) //pushes given object onto end of this array <br>
add(size_t idx, Object* o) //adds given element to the array at the given index <br>
add_all(size_t idx, Array* a) //adds all given elements to the array at the given index <br>
get(size_t idx) //returns element of the array at the given index <br>
set(size_t idx, Object* o) //sets the given index to the given element <br>
remove(size_t idx) //removes the object at the given index <br>
clear() //removes all elements from the array <br>
equals(Object* o) //checks if this array is equal to the given object <br>
hash() //adds together the hashes of all the objects <br>

BoolArray, IntArray, FloatAray, StringArray
-----------
In order to fit the spec of the assignment, we have added subclasses that inherit the array class. These arrays support boolean, integer, float and string values. Each of these methods takes in arguments based on its respective class. 

index_of(Object* o) //returns index of given object in this array <br>
push(Object* o) //pushes given object onto end of this array <br>
add(size_t idx, Object* o) //adds given element to the array at the given index <br>
add_all(size_t idx, Array* a) //adds all given elements to the array at the given index <br>
get(size_t idx) //returns element of the array at the given index <br>
set(size_t idx, Object* o) //sets the given index to the given element <br>
remove(size_t idx) //removes the object at the given index <br>

test-array class
-----------
Contains tests that test all the functions above and for each respective type. 

running
-----------
To run, compile and run tests using the command "make"
